data/pages/about.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Fahad ([/fähɑð/](http://ipa-reader.xyz/?text=f%C3%A4h%C9%91%C3%B0&voice=Amy))

<p class='not-prose single-line'><a href="https://github.com/fa7ad"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%2324292e.svg?style=for-the-badge&amp;logo=github&amp;logoColor=white" alt="github"></a> <a href="https://twitter.com/dev_fahad"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%2300acee.svg?style=for-the-badge&amp;logo=twitter&amp;logoColor=white" alt="twitter"> </a> <a href="https://dev.to/fa7ad"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dev.to-%2308090A.svg?style=for-the-badge&amp;logo=dev.to&amp;logoColor=white" alt="devto"> </a> <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/fa7ad"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&amp;logo=linkedin&amp;logoColor=white" alt="linkedin"> </a> <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/3639506/trve-fa7ad"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/stackoverflow-%23F28032.svg?style=for-the-badge&amp;logo=stackoverflow&amp;logoColor=white" alt="stackoverflow"></a></p>

## Glad to see you here!

I'm a Software Engineer from Bangladesh; living in Munich, Germany. I make web apps for a living (mostly using React and Node), currently working as a _Software Engineer_ at [Westwing](https://www.westwing.com/home).
I enjoy learning about new technology (languages/frameworks/libraries/syntax…) and I'm usually willing to pay the early-adopter tax if I think the tech is awesome.

## Rapidfire

- 🔭 I’m currently "working" on [Mildly Boring (my blog)](https://mildlyboring.com).
- 🌱 I’m currently learning [ReScript](https://rescript-lang.org/) and [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/).
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **building an open-source voice assistant that speaks Bengali** (mail me if you want to potentially work together on something like that).
- 💬 Ask me about **react, redux, ramda, js, functional programming, and music**.
- 📝 I ~regularly~ write articles on my blog [mildlyboring.com](https://mildlyboring.com) and [dev.to/fa7ad](https://dev.to/fa7ad).
- 🔥 Hot Take **I honestly think mochas and beers are the best beverages mankind has ever created**.
- 📫 How to reach me **shoot a mail at _setname.fahad AT gmail.com_**.
- 💅 Pronouns: He/Him.

---

## My Hobbies and Interests

- **Listening to music:** Current favorite genres are Progressive Metal, Indie Rock, Indie Pop, and hyperpop, but my favorite genres are always ch-ch-changing 😁.
- **Reading:** mostly non-fiction, but I'm also into fantasy and science fiction
- **Watching Movies:** not into romantic comedies, mostly watch Standup Comedy Specials, Sci-Fi, Superhero movies (like DC characters more but the Marvel movies are honestly better, except for the Dark Knight Trilogy... DC wins on that series), Drama, Action (sometimes its fun), and Gaspar Noé's weird shit (no idea what that genre is, if there is one)
- **Playing games:** I'm into single player storytelling games (like RDR, for example), don't really get the time to play multiplayer games.
- **Hiking:** Not an expert by any means, more of a fair-weather hiker. Bavarian pre-alps are super fun, don't really have the fitness to do it in the Alps.
- Making (not necessarily good) music
- Tinkering with software/hardware (I will spend hours to automate a 5 min task, because its fun)

---

## Non-human Languages That I know

### Tier 1 (actively work with)

- JavaScript + TypeScript
- HTML + JSX (mostly JSX)
- CSS + S\[AC]SS

### Tier 2 (worked with, but nothing in Production)

- Go
- ReasonML / ReScript
- Haskell
- Python

### Tier 3 (know basics, don't really want to work with)

- PHP (worked with in the past, don't care for it anymore)
- C# / Java (have pretty basic understanding of both, mostly because of university)

---

## Libraries/Frameworks That I Use (mostly regularly)

- Express
- React
- Ramda
- Lodash (I prefer ramda, but its not bad)
- Next.js (recently converted to liking it, still don't like the routing)
- Razzle / After.js (prefer these over Nextjs for React SSR, but have to admit that Nextjs is a lot more polished)
- Nest (still prefer vanilla express over nest, but it has its upsides)
- Electron (made a few apps with it, mostly for shits and giggles)

## My Toolbelt

- VSCode
- My killer (neo)vim setup
- Docker (and docker-compose)
- Linux (Arch/Manjaro) and MacOS

Commit message:

feat: refactor coverimage logic for other ratios

data/pages/about.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Fahad ([/fähɑð/](http://ipa-reader.xyz/?text=f%C3%A4h%C9%91%C3%B0&voice=Amy))

<p class='not-prose single-line'><a href="https://github.com/fa7ad"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%2324292e.svg?style=for-the-badge&amp;logo=github&amp;logoColor=white" alt="github"></a> <a href="https://twitter.com/dev_fahad"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%2300acee.svg?style=for-the-badge&amp;logo=twitter&amp;logoColor=white" alt="twitter"> </a> <a href="https://dev.to/fa7ad"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dev.to-%2308090A.svg?style=for-the-badge&amp;logo=dev.to&amp;logoColor=white" alt="devto"> </a> <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/fa7ad"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&amp;logo=linkedin&amp;logoColor=white" alt="linkedin"> </a> <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/3639506/trve-fa7ad"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/stackoverflow-%23F28032.svg?style=for-the-badge&amp;logo=stackoverflow&amp;logoColor=white" alt="stackoverflow"></a></p>

## Glad to see you here!

I'm a Software Engineer from Bangladesh; living in Munich, Germany. I make web apps for a living (mostly using React and Node), currently working as a _Software Engineer_ at [Westwing](https://www.westwing.com/home).
I enjoy learning about new technology (languages/frameworks/libraries/syntax…) and I'm usually willing to pay the early-adopter tax if I think the tech is awesome.

## Rapidfire

- 🔭 **I’m currently "working" on:** [Mildly Boring (my blog)](https://mildlyboring.com).
- 🌱 **I’m currently learning:** Logic Pro X (switching from FL Studio)
- 👯 **I’m looking to collaborate on:** a techno track (PS. send me your samples 😁)
- 💬 **Ask me about:** **react, redux, ramda, js, functional programming, and music**.
- 📝 **I ~regularly~ write articles on:** my blog [mildlyboring.com](https://mildlyboring.com) and [dev.to/fa7ad](https://dev.to/fa7ad).
- 🔥 **Hot Take:** *coffee is the best beverage mankind has ever created*.
- 📫 **How to reach me:** shoot a mail at _setname.fahad AT gmail.com_.
- 💅 **Pronouns:** He/Him.

---

## My Hobbies and Interests

- **Listening to music:** Current favorite genres are Progressive Metal, Indie Rock, Indie Pop, and hyperpop, but my favorite genres are always ch-ch-changing 😁.
- **Reading:** mostly non-fiction, but I'm also into fantasy and science fiction
- **Watching Movies:** not into romantic comedies, mostly watch Standup Comedy Specials, Sci-Fi, Superhero movies (like DC characters more but the Marvel movies are honestly better, except for the Dark Knight Trilogy... DC wins on that series), Drama, Action (sometimes its fun), and Gaspar Noé's weird shit (no idea what that genre is, if there is one)
- **Playing games:** I'm into single player storytelling games (like RDR, for example), don't really get the time to play multiplayer games.
- **Hiking:** Not an expert by any means, more of a fair-weather hiker. Bavarian pre-alps are super fun, don't really have the fitness to do it in the Alps.
- Making (not necessarily good) music
- Tinkering with software/hardware (I will spend hours to automate a 5 min task, because its fun)

---

## Non-human Languages That I know

### Tier 1 (actively work with)

- JavaScript + TypeScript
- HTML + JSX (mostly JSX)
- CSS + S\[AC]SS

### Tier 2 (worked with, but nothing in Production)

- Go
- ReasonML / ReScript
- Haskell
- Python

### Tier 3 (know basics, don't really want to work with)

- PHP (worked with in the past, don't care for it anymore)
- C# / Java (have pretty basic understanding of both, mostly because of university)

---

## Libraries/Frameworks That I Use (mostly regularly)

- Express
- React
- Ramda
- Lodash (I prefer ramda, but its not bad)
- Next.js (recently converted to liking it, still don't like the routing)
- Razzle / After.js (prefer these over Nextjs for React SSR, but have to admit that Nextjs is a lot more polished)
- Nest (still prefer vanilla express over nest, but it has its upsides)
- Electron (made a few apps with it, mostly for shits and giggles)

## My Toolbelt

- VSCode
- My killer (neo)vim setup
- Docker (and docker-compose)
- Linux (Arch/Manjaro) and MacOS
